Trump’s attorney general pick wants to investigate the Justice Department’s role in Big Tech
https://www.theverge.com/2019/1/15/18184363/trump-attorney-general-william-barr-big-tech-privacy-antitrust

Easing payment friction with payment pre-validation
https://www.finextra.com/videoarticle/1998/easing-payment-friction-with-payment-pre-validation?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

Hampshire Trust Bank chooses SnapLogic digital integration platform
https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/76960/hampshire-trust-bank-chooses-snaplogic-digital-integration-platform?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

Atom hires advisors ahead of potential takeover
https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/33210/atom-hires-advisors-ahead-of-potential-takeover?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

Canada launches open banking consultation
https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/33209/canada-launches-open-banking-consultation?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

HSBC uses DLT to settle $250bn of FX transactions
https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/33207/hsbc-uses-dlt-to-settle-250bn-of-fx-transactions?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

Breakfast roundtable:  How AI in financial services is creating new pathways to value
https://www.finextra.com/featurearticle/2327/breakfast-roundtable--how-ai-in-financial-services-is-creating-new-pathways-to-value?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

Why big data matters: using smart data and artificial intelligence to enhance FX trading
https://www.finextra.com/featurearticle/2354/why-big-data-matters-using-smart-data-and-artificial-intelligence-to-enhance-fx-trading?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

How FinTech Can Save the Live Events Industry
https://gomedici.com/how-fintech-can-save-live-events-industry/

This Cutting-Edge Payments Platform Grew by 769% in 2018
https://gomedici.com/cutting-edge-payments-platform-grew-769-percent-2018/

What Google's E-Money License in EU Means for Banks & FinTechs
https://gomedici.com/what-google-e-money-license-in-eu-means-for-banks-fintechs/

2018 Funding Trends: Asia Showed Highest Growth; US still the Biggest
https://gomedici.com/2018-results-out-united-states-leads-fintech-funding-race/

Handpicked Infographics to Wrap up 2018
https://gomedici.com/handpicked-infographics-to-wrap-up-2018/

Blockchain Front Page this week: Bitcoin Whales, Bulls & Bears Heading to zero? Or heading to $1 million? Your call
https://dailyfintech.com/2019/01/14/blockchain-front-page-this-week-bitcoin-whales-bulls-bears-heading-to-zero-or-heading-to-1-million-your-call/

Monzo – London’s latest Unicorn sets sight on Global expansion
https://dailyfintech.com/2019/01/11/monzo-londons-latest-unicorn-sets-sight-on-global-expansion/

Is RBS being influenced by the FMCG greats in its fintech strategy?
https://dailyfintech.com/2019/01/09/is-rbs-being-influenced-by-the-fmcg-greats-in-its-fintech-strategy/

Blockchain Weekly Front Page: Governments Love Blockchain
https://dailyfintech.com/2019/01/07/blockchain-weekly-front-page-governments-love-blockchain/

Brexit A Bust – And A Blow To UK’s FinTech Role?
https://www.pymnts.com/news/international/2019/brexit-vote-uk-parliament-fintech/

How Biometrics Could Help Provision Identity
https://www.pymnts.com/startup-check-in/2019/biometrics-digital-identity-authentication-security/

BERINGEA ANNOUNCES NORTHERN EXPANSION WITH LANDMARK INVESTMENT INTO ACCESSPAY
https://www.fintech.finance/01-news/beringea-announces-northern-expansion-with-landmark-investment-into-accesspay/

Dash Releases Version 0.13.0 Upgrade to Build Foundation for Dash Evolution
https://www.fintech.finance/01-news/dash-releases-version-0-13-0-upgrade-to-build-foundation-for-dash-evolution/

Vernon Hill, Metro bank on future of the company
https://www.fintech.finance/fintech-tv/vernon-hill-metro-bank-on-future-of-the-company/

FinTech Forum returns to Bahrain
https://www.fintech.finance/01-news/fintech-forum-returns-to-bahrain/

The Oracle Fintech ScaleUp Program kicks off with an ignition day in Brussels
https://www.fintech.finance/01-news/the-oracle-fintech-scaleup-program-kicks-off-with-an-ignition-day-in-brussels/

THE MAJOR INTERNATIONAL EVENT DEDICATED TO CRYPTOCURRENCIES & BLOCKCHAIN
https://www.fintech.finance/01-news/the-major-international-event-dedicated-to-cryptocurrencies-blockchain/

FinTech and The Digital Banking Impact for Africa: Re-Imagining Banking & Financial Services at Finnovation Ethiopia 2019
https://www.fintech.finance/01-news/fintech-and-the-digital-banking-impact-for-africa-re-imagining-banking-financial-services-at-finnovation-ethiopia-2019/

London Blockchain Week announces Société Générale, Lee Rowley MP, Pillar Project, SVK Crypto, Consensys Enterprise and Blockchain Quantum Impact as event headliners
https://www.fintech.finance/01-news/london-blockchain-week-announces-societe-generale-lee-rowley-mp-pillar-project-svk-crypto-consensys-enterprise-and-blockchain-quantum-impact-as-event-headliners/

Temenos Teams Up with Bloomberg to Boost Buy-Side Oversight
https://finovate.com/temenos-teams-up-with-bloomberg-to-boost-buy-side-oversight/

FinovateEurope Sneak Peek: Zabo
https://finovate.com/finovateeurope-sneak-peek-zabo/

Finding Fintech’s Future in Emerging Europe
https://finovate.com/finding-fintechs-future-in-emerging-europe/

How do apps like Acorn, Digit, and Chime know the exact round-up figure to device from your bank account and how do they go about deducting said figure?
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/ad4h12/how_do_apps_like_acorn_digit_and_chime_know_the/

How can apps like Acorn, Digit, and Chime afford to wire funds back to your bank account for free?
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/a6mpws/how_can_apps_like_acorn_digit_and_chime_afford_to/

Fintech startup Plaid raises $250M at a $2.65B valuation
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/a5gggw/fintech_startup_plaid_raises_250m_at_a_265b/

How does PayPal convert the fee into Fiat currency?
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/a49c58/how_does_paypal_convert_the_fee_into_fiat_currency/

Enquiry about the academic pathways in FinTech
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/afibau/enquiry_about_the_academic_pathways_in_fintech/

just started new job at a fintech company...any advice on how I can be successful
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/a83lqc/just_started_new_job_at_a_fintech_companyany/

Stock Investment Platform which reduces time to make investment decisions
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/a5ur7e/stock_investment_platform_which_reduces_time_to/

Payment architecture recommendations requested for getting money to the unsheltered (homeless)
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/af5cmn/payment_architecture_recommendations_requested/

Didi is bidding to become a fintech giant
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/actu13/didi_is_bidding_to_become_a_fintech_giant/

Facebook Is Developing a Cryptocurrency for WhatsApp Transfers, Sources Say
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/a8u2vi/facebook_is_developing_a_cryptocurrency_for/

Tech startups including fintech work to traditional bank --
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/adg57s/tech_startups_including_fintech_work_to/

Looking for FinTech job or internship, any advice appreciated!
https://www.reddit.com/r/fintech/comments/ac5ya5/looking_for_fintech_job_or_internship_any_advice/

Box hires former SAP exec as chief information security officer
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/uzo5VDTuF9Q/

Japan's Otsuka, Israel's Poliakine to collaborate on AI applications
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/technologyNews/~3/a0G-Pm7Vwdo/japans-otsuka-israels-poliakine-to-collaborate-on-ai-applications-idUSKCN1P9120

Citi says chance of delay to Brexit now 'very high'
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/businessNews/~3/Tk0sTkp_bVQ/citi-says-chance-of-delay-to-brexit-now-very-high-idUSKCN1P92VG

Trump is probably going to get his way with the Federal Reserve this year
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/08/trump-is-probably-going-to-get-his-way-with-the-fed-this-year.html

Powell says Fed 'wouldn't hesitate' to tweak balance sheet reduction if it was causing problems
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/04/powell-says-fed-wouldnt-hesitate-to-tweak-balance-sheet-reduction-if-it-was-causing-problems.html

The president of the Dallas Fed says central bank should pause rate hikes amid turmoil in markets
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/03/robert-kaplan-says-central-bank-should-pause-rate-hikes-amid-turmoil-in-markets.html

Robinhood: The controversial app worth $5 billion that's trying to upend Wall Street
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/14/robinhood-the-5-billion-app-trying-to-upend-wall-street.html

China's Huawei unveils chip for global big data market
https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/chinas-huawei-unveils-chip-global-big-data-market-60204231

India’s banking system is flirting with a Lehman moment
https://www.economist.com/business/2018/11/08/indias-banking-system-is-flirting-with-a-lehman-moment

New schemes teach the masses to build AI
https://www.economist.com/business/2018/10/25/new-schemes-teach-the-masses-to-build-ai

Urjit Patel, the head of the Reserve Bank of India, resigns
https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2018/12/15/urjit-patel-the-head-of-the-reserve-bank-of-india-resigns

The person who is doing most to undermine the Reserve Bank of India
https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2018/11/24/the-person-who-is-doing-most-to-undermine-the-reserve-bank-of-india

For Europe’s stockmarkets to recover, bank shares need to rally
https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2018/11/24/for-europes-stockmarkets-to-recover-bank-shares-need-to-rally

Stock exchanges find novel uses for blockchain
https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2018/11/17/stock-exchanges-find-novel-uses-for-blockchain

How the big emerging economies climbed the World Bank business ranking
https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2018/11/03/how-the-big-emerging-economies-climbed-the-world-bank-business-ranking

The first charges for money-laundering are laid against Danske Bank
https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2018/12/08/the-first-charges-for-money-laundering-are-laid-against-danske-bank

India’s central bank faces a major test of its independence
https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2018/11/03/indias-central-bank-faces-a-major-test-of-its-independence

Urjit Patel, the head of the Reserve Bank of India, resigns
https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2018/12/10/urjit-patel-the-head-of-the-reserve-bank-of-india-resigns

Making trains run on time
https://www.economist.com/science-and-technology/2018/11/01/making-trains-run-on-time

A sense of curiosity is helpful for artificial intelligence
https://www.economist.com/science-and-technology/2018/08/30/a-sense-of-curiosity-is-helpful-for-artificial-intelligence

Machine learning can control tsetse flies
https://www.economist.com/science-and-technology/2018/08/23/machine-learning-can-control-tsetse-flies

It should soon be easier to tell a chemical’s toxicity without killing animals
https://www.economist.com/science-and-technology/2018/08/04/it-should-soon-be-easier-to-tell-a-chemicals-toxicity-without-killing-animals

How Health Care Data and Lax Rules Help China Prosper in AI
https://www.wired.com/story/health-care-data-lax-rules-help-china-prosper-ai

Blockchain Can Wrest the Internet From Corporations' Grasp
https://www.wired.com/story/how-blockchain-can-wrest-the-internet-from-corporations

Is This Photo Real? AI Gets Better at Faking Images
https://www.wired.com/story/is-this-photo-real-ai-getting-better-faking-images

Attack on Ethereum Classic Highlights a Crypto Weakness
https://www.wired.com/story/attack-on-ethereum-currency-highlights-crypto-weakness

The Most-Read Security Stories of 2018
https://www.wired.com/gallery/the-most-read-security-stories-of-2018

Artificial Intelligence Is Powerful—And Misunderstood. Here’s How We Can Protect Workers
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/timeblogs/nerd_world/~3/thrJiQhlqyY/

¿Es posible que inteligencia artificial pueda hackear nuestros cerebros?
http://www.cooperativa.cl/noticias/tecnologia/es-posible-que-inteligencia-artificial-pueda-hackear-nuestros-cerebros/2019-01-11/115344.html

¿La inteligencia artificial reducirá los puestos de trabajo?
http://www.cooperativa.cl/noticias/tecnologia/inventos/la-inteligencia-artificial-reducira-los-puestos-de-trabajo/2019-01-11/114427.html

How can you tell if a mobile phone has good reception before you buy it?
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/askjack/2019/jan/03/how-can-you-tell-if-a-mobile-phone-has-good-reception-before-you-buy-it

Japan's new Y2K: Chips with Everything podcast
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/audio/2019/jan/04/japan-emperor-akihito-new-y2k-millennium-bug-chips-with-everything-podcast

Bitcoin: after 10 wild years, what next for cryptocurrencies?
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2019/jan/04/bitcoin-after-10-wild-years-what-next-for-cryptocurrencies

Don’t believe the hype: the media are unwittingly selling us an AI fantasy | John Naughton
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/jan/13/dont-believe-the-hype-media-are-selling-us-an-ai-fantasy

Lloyds' overdraft fees unacceptable, says MP
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-46864604

Commentary: Ivanka Trump for World Bank president?
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/commentary/ivanka-trump-jim-yong-kim-for-world-bank-president-11124618

Citi says chance of delay to Brexit now 'very high'
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/citi-says-chance-of-delay-to-brexit-now--very-high--11127898

White House considering Nooyi, Malpass, Washburne as World Bank candidates: administration official
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/white-house-considering-nooyi--malpass--washburne-as-world-bank-candidates--administration-official-11127720

Netflix, tech rally lift Wall Street as investors shrug off weak bank results
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/netflix--tech-rally-lift-wall-street-as-investors-shrug-off-weak-bank-results-11126486

Malaysia to regulate initial coin offerings, cryptocurrency trade
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/malaysia-to-regulate-initial-coin-offerings--cryptocurrency-trade-11121024

Fintech firms want to shake up banking, and that worries the Fed
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/fintech-firms-want-to-shake-up-banking--and-that-worries-the-fed-11120332

Pianist uses crossovers to add new color
http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/cndy/2019-01/16/content_37427512.htm

Guangzhou legislators eye golden opportunities from Greater Bay Area
http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/cndy/2019-01/16/content_37427499.htm

How best to use AI for human development
http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/cndy/2019-01/14/content_37426323.htm

Economic growth is primary issue to be addressed
http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/cndy/2019-01/16/content_37427470.htm

Yuan loans hit record level as growth slows
http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/cndy/2019-01/16/content_37427446.htm

PBOC reins in funds of payment platforms
http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/cndy/2019-01/15/content_37426971.htm

