Bank of China offers $300m loan to Sri Lanka
https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2019/01/bank-china-offers-300m-loan-sri-lanka-190116064011066.html

Hang Seng remodels office space to promote digital culture
https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/76974/hang-seng-remodels-office-space-to-promote-digital-culture?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

The Semantic Bank
https://www.finextra.com/blogposting/16548/the-semantic-bank?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

BitGo partners Genesis Global Trading
https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/76972/bitgo-partners-genesis-global-trading?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

Fiserv agrees $22bn First Data acquisition
https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/33217/fiserv-agrees-22bn-first-data-acquisition?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

Korea to tear down barriers to fintech innovation
https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/33214/korea-to-tear-down-barriers-to-fintech-innovation?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

RegTech startup Theta Lake raises $5 million in seed funding
https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/76967/regtech-startup-theta-lake-raises-5-million-in-seed-funding?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

Swift introduces Pay Later API for instant loan financing
https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/33213/swift-introduces-pay-later-api-for-instant-loan-financing?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

R3 forms independent governing foundation for Corda Network
https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/76969/r3-forms-independent-governing-foundation-for-corda-network?utm_medium=rss&utm_source=finextrafeed

Tide and ClearBank potentially poised to grow with RBS bid
https://dailyfintech.com/2019/01/16/tide-and-clearbank-potentially-poised-to-grow-with-rbs-bid/

Fiserv Snaps Up First Data In $22B All-Stock Deal
https://www.pymnts.com/news/partnerships-acquisitions/2019/fiserv-acquires-first-data-22b-all-stock-deal/

Blockchain Makes Inroads Into Banking
https://www.pymnts.com/news/b2b-payments/2019/blockchain-bank-iot-innovation-trade-finance/

SWIFT publishes new ‘Pay Later’ API standard
https://www.fintech.finance/01-news/swift-publishes-new-pay-later-api-standard/

EOS Now Listed for Trading on the Gibraltar Blockchain Exchange’s Digital Asset Exchange
https://www.fintech.finance/01-news/eos-now-listed-for-trading-on-the-gibraltar-blockchain-exchanges-digital-asset-exchange/

Fiserv is buying First Data in a $22B fintech megadeal
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/o7gbqkVqAVc/

Fortnite bugs put accounts at risk of takeover
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/ucsBA3TbS3o/

Grab moves to offer digital insurance services in Southeast Asia
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/jvDtwi6UW4A/

Wall Street rises at open on BofA, Goldman earnings boost
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/businessNews/~3/fMdQP18PgVM/wall-street-rises-at-open-on-bofa-goldman-earnings-boost-idUSKCN1PA1NU

BofA's loan growth powers better-than-expected profit
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/businessNews/~3/ws5yxhhjUtc/bofas-loan-growth-powers-better-than-expected-profit-idUSKCN1PA1FI

Goldman's revenue beat powered by M&A bankers, equity traders
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/businessNews/~3/ubb-B2Lgu7U/goldmans-revenue-beat-powered-by-ma-bankers-equity-traders-idUSKCN1PA1M4

Marriott looks to reboot loyalty plan after cyberattack
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/16/marriott-looks-to-reboot-loyalty-plan-after-cyberattack.html

Private equity giant Apax buys $200 million stake in A.I. firm Fractal, valuing it at $500 million
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/16/ai-firm-fractal-valued-at-500-million-after-apax-buys-minority-stake.html

Dow rises 100 points as Goldman Sachs gains 4%
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/16/stock-market-futures-higher-after-brexit-vote-bank-earnigns-in-focus.html

China just injected a record amount of money to stimulate its economy
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/16/chinas-central-bank-injects-record-amount-to-stimulate-economy.html

Dow rises 100 points as Goldman Sachs gains 4%
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/16/stock-market-futures-higher-after-brexit-vote-bank-earnigns-in-focus.html

Bank of America shares jump nearly 5% after record earnings report
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/15/bank-of-america-earnings-q4-2018.html

Private equity giant Apax buys $200 million stake in A.I. firm Fractal, valuing it at $500 million
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/16/ai-firm-fractal-valued-at-500-million-after-apax-buys-minority-stake.html

Fiserv buys First Data for $22B, creating fintech giant
https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/fiserv-buys-data-22b-creating-fintech-giant-60415222

Bank of America 4Q profits jump on higher interest rates
https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/bank-america-profits-jump-higher-interest-rates-60414386

Bank of America 4Q profits jump on higher interest rates
https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/bank-america-profits-jump-higher-interest-rates-60414386

Goldman, BofA earnings boost to drive Wall Street higher at open
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/goldman--bofa-earnings-boost-to-drive-wall-street-higher-at-open-11130960

Goldman's revenue beat powered by M&A bankers, equity traders
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/goldman-s-revenue-beat-powered-by-m-a-bankers--equity-traders-11130918

BofA beats profit estimates on higher interest income, loan growth
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/bofa-beats-profit-estimates-on-higher-interest-income--loan-growth-11130764

BOJ to cut price forecasts, keep rosy economic view: sources
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/boj-to-cut-price-forecasts--keep-rosy-economic-view--sources-11129760

Commentary: Ivanka Trump for World Bank president?
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/commentary/ivanka-trump-jim-yong-kim-for-world-bank-president-11124618

Citi says chance of delay to Brexit now 'very high'
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/citi-says-chance-of-delay-to-brexit-now--very-high--11127898

White House considering Nooyi, Malpass, Washburne as World Bank candidates: administration official
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/white-house-considering-nooyi--malpass--washburne-as-world-bank-candidates--administration-official-11127720

Netflix, tech rally lift Wall Street as investors shrug off weak bank results
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/netflix--tech-rally-lift-wall-street-as-investors-shrug-off-weak-bank-results-11126486

Ford and IBM among quartet in Congo cobalt blockchain project
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/ford-and-ibm-among-quartet-in-congo-cobalt-blockchain-project-11129204

China central bank's record US$83 billion injection heightens worries over ailing economy
https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/business/china-central-bank-s-record-us-83-billion-injection-heightens-worries-over-ailing-economy-11130442

